using device cuda:0
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Linear
ResNet
Files already downloaded and verified
Files already downloaded and verified
starting training
time passed after training 0 epochs is 82.47368669509888 seconds
time passed after training 1 epochs is 164.31281924247742 seconds
time passed after training 2 epochs is 246.1277859210968 seconds
time passed after training 3 epochs is 327.82726097106934 seconds
time passed after training 4 epochs is 409.46780729293823 seconds
time passed after training 5 epochs is 491.2032856941223 seconds
time passed after training 6 epochs is 573.0346012115479 seconds
time passed after training 7 epochs is 654.8550271987915 seconds
time passed after training 8 epochs is 736.6241555213928 seconds
time passed after training 9 epochs is 818.4630019664764 seconds
time passed after training 10 epochs is 900.387316942215 seconds
time passed after training 11 epochs is 981.983259677887 seconds
time passed after training 12 epochs is 1063.722223997116 seconds
time passed after training 13 epochs is 1145.6054430007935 seconds
time passed after training 14 epochs is 1227.3795583248138 seconds
time passed after training 15 epochs is 1309.2149991989136 seconds
time passed after training 16 epochs is 1390.8207886219025 seconds
time passed after training 17 epochs is 1472.7178707122803 seconds
time passed after training 18 epochs is 1554.703110218048 seconds
time passed after training 19 epochs is 1636.5543658733368 seconds
time passed after training 20 epochs is 1718.5906431674957 seconds
time passed after training 21 epochs is 1800.714970111847 seconds
time passed after training 22 epochs is 1882.5476140975952 seconds
time passed after training 23 epochs is 1964.448648929596 seconds
time passed after training 24 epochs is 2046.5462560653687 seconds
time passed after training 25 epochs is 2128.582246541977 seconds
time passed after training 26 epochs is 2210.560181617737 seconds
time passed after training 27 epochs is 2292.3024508953094 seconds
time passed after training 28 epochs is 2374.4019408226013 seconds
time passed after training 29 epochs is 2456.3935310840607 seconds
time passed after training 30 epochs is 2538.2862877845764 seconds
time passed after training 31 epochs is 2620.184794664383 seconds
time passed after training 32 epochs is 2702.3452491760254 seconds
time passed after training 33 epochs is 2784.317583322525 seconds
time passed after training 34 epochs is 2866.4769427776337 seconds
time passed after training 35 epochs is 2948.476856470108 seconds
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Linear
ResNet
Files already downloaded and verified
Files already downloaded and verified
starting training
time passed after training 0 epochs is 79.62505626678467 seconds
time passed after training 1 epochs is 159.15173435211182 seconds
time passed after training 2 epochs is 238.57185745239258 seconds
time passed after training 3 epochs is 318.12051010131836 seconds
time passed after training 4 epochs is 397.61578035354614 seconds
time passed after training 5 epochs is 477.01442694664 seconds
time passed after training 6 epochs is 556.359096288681 seconds
time passed after training 7 epochs is 635.8884871006012 seconds
time passed after training 8 epochs is 715.2613914012909 seconds
time passed after training 9 epochs is 794.727294921875 seconds
time passed after training 10 epochs is 874.0342514514923 seconds
time passed after training 11 epochs is 953.4551446437836 seconds
time passed after training 12 epochs is 1032.6079649925232 seconds
time passed after training 13 epochs is 1112.0497741699219 seconds
time passed after training 14 epochs is 1191.3724851608276 seconds
time passed after training 15 epochs is 1270.7913858890533 seconds
time passed after training 16 epochs is 1350.1731977462769 seconds
time passed after training 17 epochs is 1429.7112815380096 seconds
time passed after training 18 epochs is 1509.0096769332886 seconds
time passed after training 19 epochs is 1588.4446165561676 seconds
time passed after training 20 epochs is 1667.7969076633453 seconds
time passed after training 21 epochs is 1747.1555001735687 seconds
time passed after training 22 epochs is 1826.3277962207794 seconds
time passed after training 23 epochs is 1905.684010028839 seconds
time passed after training 24 epochs is 1984.7906267642975 seconds
time passed after training 25 epochs is 2064.126415491104 seconds
time passed after training 26 epochs is 2143.403052330017 seconds
time passed after training 27 epochs is 2222.7657458782196 seconds
time passed after training 28 epochs is 2302.0954620838165 seconds
time passed after training 29 epochs is 2381.523188352585 seconds
time passed after training 30 epochs is 2460.79927277565 seconds
time passed after training 31 epochs is 2540.1632590293884 seconds
time passed after training 32 epochs is 2619.5309603214264 seconds
time passed after training 33 epochs is 2698.957452774048 seconds
time passed after training 34 epochs is 2778.264055252075 seconds
time passed after training 35 epochs is 2857.62500166893 seconds
time passed after training 36 epochs is 2936.437253713608 seconds
time passed after training 37 epochs is 3015.064347743988 seconds
time passed after training 38 epochs is 3093.7370495796204 seconds
time passed after training 39 epochs is 3172.2921783924103 seconds
time passed after training 40 epochs is 3251.134379863739 seconds
time passed after training 41 epochs is 3330.3940205574036 seconds
time passed after training 42 epochs is 3409.5312950611115 seconds
time passed after training 43 epochs is 3488.8514914512634 seconds
time passed after training 44 epochs is 3568.1820929050446 seconds
time passed after training 45 epochs is 3647.412111759186 seconds
time passed after training 46 epochs is 3726.4761369228363 seconds
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Linear
ResNet
Files already downloaded and verified
Files already downloaded and verified
starting training
time passed after training 0 epochs is 74.43049144744873 seconds
time passed after training 1 epochs is 149.01257967948914 seconds
time passed after training 2 epochs is 223.65528178215027 seconds
time passed after training 3 epochs is 298.0699439048767 seconds
time passed after training 4 epochs is 372.51678943634033 seconds
time passed after training 5 epochs is 447.14644622802734 seconds
time passed after training 6 epochs is 521.7643086910248 seconds
time passed after training 7 epochs is 596.4425790309906 seconds
time passed after training 8 epochs is 671.0523903369904 seconds
time passed after training 9 epochs is 745.7169675827026 seconds
time passed after training 10 epochs is 820.3705637454987 seconds
time passed after training 11 epochs is 894.9738345146179 seconds
time passed after training 12 epochs is 969.5977644920349 seconds
time passed after training 13 epochs is 1044.2278051376343 seconds
time passed after training 14 epochs is 1118.910349369049 seconds
time passed after training 15 epochs is 1193.6491243839264 seconds
time passed after training 16 epochs is 1268.2618155479431 seconds
time passed after training 17 epochs is 1343.0165507793427 seconds
time passed after training 18 epochs is 1417.6620054244995 seconds
time passed after training 19 epochs is 1492.2376663684845 seconds
time passed after training 20 epochs is 1566.8238043785095 seconds
time passed after training 21 epochs is 1641.4577383995056 seconds
time passed after training 22 epochs is 1716.1330149173737 seconds
time passed after training 23 epochs is 1790.6269314289093 seconds
time passed after training 24 epochs is 1864.7629458904266 seconds
time passed after training 25 epochs is 1939.356363773346 seconds
time passed after training 26 epochs is 2013.9286336898804 seconds
time passed after training 27 epochs is 2088.4860730171204 seconds
time passed after training 28 epochs is 2162.9890949726105 seconds
time passed after training 29 epochs is 2237.5095088481903 seconds
time passed after training 30 epochs is 2312.1555156707764 seconds
time passed after training 31 epochs is 2386.8323040008545 seconds
time passed after training 32 epochs is 2461.4249284267426 seconds
time passed after training 33 epochs is 2535.7768235206604 seconds
time passed after training 34 epochs is 2610.3351788520813 seconds
time passed after training 35 epochs is 2685.076582670212 seconds
time passed after training 36 epochs is 2759.6452708244324 seconds
time passed after training 37 epochs is 2834.2715137004852 seconds
time passed after training 38 epochs is 2908.8967583179474 seconds
time passed after training 39 epochs is 2983.460254907608 seconds
time passed after training 40 epochs is 3057.9864428043365 seconds
time passed after training 41 epochs is 3132.58167552948 seconds
time passed after training 42 epochs is 3207.211482524872 seconds
time passed after training 43 epochs is 3281.87259888649 seconds
time passed after training 44 epochs is 3356.4081683158875 seconds
time passed after training 45 epochs is 3431.03440117836 seconds
time passed after training 46 epochs is 3505.7881162166595 seconds
time passed after training 47 epochs is 3580.464903354645 seconds
time passed after training 48 epochs is 3655.090209007263 seconds
time passed after training 49 epochs is 3729.3045303821564 seconds
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
LambdaLayer
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Conv2d
BatchNorm2d
Sequential
BasicBlock
Sequential
Linear
ResNet
Files already downloaded and verified
Files already downloaded and verified
starting training
time passed after training 0 epochs is 72.06376647949219 seconds
time passed after training 1 epochs is 144.42946887016296 seconds
time passed after training 2 epochs is 217.02916407585144 seconds
time passed after training 3 epochs is 289.47963547706604 seconds
time passed after training 4 epochs is 362.1097481250763 seconds
time passed after training 5 epochs is 434.6909246444702 seconds
time passed after training 6 epochs is 507.351530790329 seconds
time passed after training 7 epochs is 579.8165793418884 seconds
time passed after training 8 epochs is 652.4156930446625 seconds
time passed after training 9 epochs is 724.9648261070251 seconds
time passed after training 10 epochs is 797.5695941448212 seconds
time passed after training 11 epochs is 870.0424611568451 seconds
time passed after training 12 epochs is 942.6410729885101 seconds
time passed after training 13 epochs is 1015.2592134475708 seconds
time passed after training 14 epochs is 1087.8155336380005 seconds
time passed after training 15 epochs is 1160.338675737381 seconds
time passed after training 16 epochs is 1232.8010320663452 seconds
time passed after training 17 epochs is 1305.3755967617035 seconds
time passed after training 18 epochs is 1377.912738084793 seconds
time passed after training 19 epochs is 1450.3865349292755 seconds
time passed after training 20 epochs is 1522.8122744560242 seconds
time passed after training 21 epochs is 1595.3955082893372 seconds
time passed after training 22 epochs is 1667.9267663955688 seconds
time passed after training 23 epochs is 1740.52334856987 seconds
time passed after training 24 epochs is 1812.9572145938873 seconds
time passed after training 25 epochs is 1885.5116863250732 seconds
time passed after training 26 epochs is 1958.0288860797882 seconds
time passed after training 27 epochs is 2030.648948431015 seconds
time passed after training 28 epochs is 2103.064065217972 seconds
time passed after training 29 epochs is 2175.5573902130127 seconds
time passed after training 30 epochs is 2248.1223294734955 seconds
time passed after training 31 epochs is 2320.655412197113 seconds
time passed after training 32 epochs is 2393.175968170166 seconds
time passed after training 33 epochs is 2465.5898644924164 seconds
time passed after training 34 epochs is 2538.1484637260437 seconds
time passed after training 35 epochs is 2610.7613315582275 seconds
time passed after training 36 epochs is 2683.3428950309753 seconds
time passed after training 37 epochs is 2755.83483171463 seconds
time passed after training 38 epochs is 2828.3643012046814 seconds
time passed after training 39 epochs is 2900.9507393836975 seconds
time passed after training 40 epochs is 2973.472220659256 seconds
time passed after training 41 epochs is 3045.9361760616302 seconds
time passed after training 42 epochs is 3118.5088782310486 seconds
time passed after training 43 epochs is 3191.151732444763 seconds
time passed after training 44 epochs is 3263.7611768245697 seconds
time passed after training 45 epochs is 3336.2941670417786 seconds
time passed after training 46 epochs is 3408.878879547119 seconds
time passed after training 47 epochs is 3481.336000442505 seconds
time passed after training 48 epochs is 3554.445762872696 seconds
time passed after training 49 epochs is 3625.6534786224365 seconds
time passed after training 50 epochs is 3698.0613799095154 seconds
time passed after training 51 epochs is 3770.571383714676 seconds
{"success":true,"textId":"871621558121773036","quotaRemaining":0}ok
